[ECH] Add data loss warning admonition for found-snapshots repository (#7251)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore/elastic-cloud-hosted.md

From within {{ech}}, you can restore a snapshot from a different deployment in the same region.

::::{important}

> The underlying `found-snapshots` repository managed by {{ech}} has no backup. Elastic does not enable soft deletion at the cloud provider storage level. Any snapshot deletions — including [searchable snapshots](./searchable-snapshots.md#back-up-restore-searchable-snapshots) — are permanent and cannot be recovered by Elastic.

Reviewer: I know this suggestion is longer but I think it adds a bit more context around why this is important. Please feel free to tweak it if anything is not accurate:

```suggestion
{{ech}} registers the built-in `found-snapshots` repository on every deployment and uses it along with the `cloud-snapshot-policy` SLM policy for automated snapshots. This repository is your backup on {{ech}}. Snapshot data exists only in this repository and {{ech}} does not mirror it to separate storage or retain deleted snapshots through storage-level versioning or soft delete.

When you delete a snapshot from `found-snapshots`, that data is removed from the repository and cannot be recovered. This also applies to [searchable snapshots](searchable-snapshots.md#back-up-restore-searchable-snapshots) stored in `found-snapshots`.
```

> If you require additional redundancy, follow the guidance on this page to configure your own snapshot repository and take backups.

Reviewer: A little more clarification + link:

```suggestion
If you need additional redundancy beyond the default repository, [configure a custom snapshot repository](#ess-repo-types) and take additional snapshots to storage you control.
```
